Heliarch Guardian Turret (#11980)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/coalition/coalition outfits.txt

	"unplunderable" 1
	description "Made to deal with the occasional dissidents that pop up around Coalition space in a non-lethal manner, these weapons see minimal use in shipbound combat, but are carried anyway in the event a dissident gets aboard."

outfit "Guardian Turret"
	category "Hand to Hand"
	series "H2H"
	index 08025
	licenses
		Heliarch
	cost 219000
	thumbnail "outfit/guardian turret"
	"mass" 1
	"outfit space" -1
	"capture defense" 19
	"unplunderable" 1
	description "Useful for protecting both buildings and ships, these compact automated turrets were designed and built by the Heliarchs based on the Quarg's own anti-boarder equipment. When active, razor-thin beams of light connect the turret and its target, however many times necessary until execution is confirmed."
	description "	Each turret also comes with a compact emitter, designed to provide shielding in a small area around the turret's base. While tricky to first develop, this technology has not only preserved most turrets from sniping attacks, but also ensured the survival of many Heliarchs who would otherwise have met grievously painful ends."

> 	description "	The only downside is the relatively tedious process of registering every crewmember with the turrets' systems, so that it can recognize and avoid firing at allies during boarding encounters."

Reviewer: Nothing worth noting, but thought I'd lyk that this will be the first outfit with "crewmember" in its description instead of "crew member", although those outfits are, rather few

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	The only downside is the relatively tedious process of registering every member of the crew with the turrets' systems, so that it can recognize and avoid firing at allies during boarding encounters."
```
